Static Deployments
Static Deployments deploy your static websites and frontend apps to a cost-effective cloud server.

Static Deployments host your Replit App’s static files, such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript on a cloud server. The server automatically uses caching and scaling strategies to deliver your content quickly and economically.

Static Deployments are ideal for the following use cases:

Marketing landing pages
Portfolio websites
Product and API documentation sites
Static Deployments are not compatible with Replit Apps created using Agent. Agent automatically creates full-stack apps that require a backend server. For Agent-generated apps, use one of the following deployment types:

Autoscale Deployment
Reserved VM Deployment
screenshot of the Deployments workspace tool
​
Features
Static Deployments include the following features:

Cost-effective hosting: Pay only for the amount of data your website serves.
HTTP routing options: Configure response headers, URL rewrites, and redirects.
Custom domains: Configure a custom domain or use a <app-name>.replit.app URL to access your app.
Custom error pages: Create and serve a custom 404 error page.
Monitoring: View logs and monitor your deployment’s status.
​
Usage
You can access Static Deployments in the Deployments workspace tool.


How to access Static Deployments

Static Deployment options screen
​
Primary domain
Specify the subdomain part of the hostname for your deployment. After you deploy, you can access your deployment at https://<subdomain>.replit.app.

To learn how to use a custom domain, see Custom Domains.

​
Private deployment
The private deployment feature is available for Teams and Enterprise plans only.

Private deployments grant permission to your app only to members of your team or organization. This control lets you toggle whether to make your deployment private.

To learn how to set up a private deployment, see Private Deployments.

​
Public directory
Specify the base directory path in your Replit App that contains the static files you want to serve publicly. After you deploy, the cloud host serves all pages and assets in that directory.

The default value, /, is the root directory of your Replit App.

​
Build command
Specify a build command to run in your Replit App’s shell when you create your Deployment.

For example, if you generate a static site using Hugo, you might use the command hugo --minify to generate the files and optimize asset file sizes.

​
Deployment secrets
Select Add deployment secret to add environment variables or secrets your build command needs to run securely.

For example, if your site generator requires an API key to create your static site, you might pass it API_KEY=<your secret name>.