Skip to Content
Supadata logo
Playground
Documentation
Pricing
Search documentation…
Sign in
Getting Started
Endpoints
Youtube
Web
Errors
Invalid Request
Unauthorized
Not Found
Limit Exceeded
Upgrade Required
Transcript Unavailable
Internal Error

Light

On This Page

Reasons and how to fix
Invalid request parameters
Missing required parameters
Incorrect data types
Parameter value constraints
Syntax errors
Reach out to support
Scroll to top
Documentation
Errors
Invalid Request
Invalid Request
It is an API error returned when the API fails to serve the request due to invalid request parameters.


{
  "error": "invalid-request",
  "message": "Invalid request",
  "details": "Required parameters are missing from the request",
  "documentationUrl": "https://supadata.ai/documentation/errors/invalid-request"
}
Reasons and how to fix
Invalid request parameters
The most common reason for the invalid-request error is that one or more of the request parameters are invalid or missing.

To fix this, ensure that all required parameters are included in the request and that they are correctly formatted and valid.

Missing required parameters
If required parameters are missing from the request, this will trigger the invalid-request error.

To fix this, ensure that all mandatory parameters are provided in the request. Refer to the API documentation for a list of required parameters.

Incorrect data types
Providing parameters with incorrect data types (e.g., a string instead of an integer) can lead to this error.

To fix this, verify that the data types of all parameters match the expected types as specified in the API documentation.

Parameter value constraints
Some parameters may have constraints on their values (e.g., minimum or maximum length, specific formats). Violating these constraints will result in this error.

To fix this, check the constraints for each parameter in the API documentation and ensure that the provided values comply with these constraints.

Syntax errors
Syntax errors in the request, such as missing commas or brackets in JSON, can make the request invalid.

To fix this, carefully review the syntax of your request and correct any errors. Using a JSON validator can help identify syntax issues.

Reach out to support
If you continue to face issues or need further assistance, please reach out to support@supadata.ai, and we will assist you as soon as possible.

Crawl
Unauthorized
Footer
Supadata
Supadata is one stop-shop API for makers to read vast web and YouTube content, ready for AI needs.


General
Home
Pricing
GitHub
Support
Status
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Integrations
Make
Zapier
n8n
Active Pieces
Other
YouTube Transcript API
YouTube Data API
RapidAPI (YouTube)
RapidAPI (Web)
© 2025 Dumpling Software UG

Made with ❤️ in EU 🇪🇺

Invalid Request